Steps/Data/README.md, before:

# MyTrout.Pipelines.Steps.Data

[![Build Status](https://github.com/mytrout/Pipelines/actions/workflows/build-pipelines-steps-data.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/mytrout/Pipelines/actions/workflows/build-pipelines-steps-data.yaml)
[![nuget](https://buildstats.info/nuget/MyTrout.Pipelines.Steps.Data?includePreReleases=true)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/MyTrout.Pipelines.Steps.Data/)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/mytrout/Pipelines.svg)](https://github.com/mytrout/Pipelines/stargazers)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/mytrout/Pipelines.svg)](https://github.com/mytrout/Pipelines/network)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mytrout/Pipelines.svg)](https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT)

[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=Pipelines.Steps.Data&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=Pipelines.Steps.Data)
[![Coverage](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=Pipelines.Steps.Data&metric=coverage)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=Pipelines.Steps.Data)
[![Maintainability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=Pipelines.Steps.Data&metric=sqale_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=Pipelines.Steps.Data)
[![Security Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=Pipelines.Steps.Data&metric=security_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=Pipelines.Steps.Data)
[![Vulnerabilities](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=Pipelines.Steps.Data&metric=vulnerabilities)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=Pipelines.Steps.Data)


## Introduction
MyTrout.Pipelines.Steps.Data provides Pipeline steps to persist data to a database from the IPipelineContext and read data from a database and put it in the IPipelineContext.

MyTrout.Pipelines.Steps.Data targets [.NET 6.0](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/6.0)

For more details on Pipelines, see [Pipelines.Core](../../Core/README.md)

For more details on Pipelines.Hosting, see [Pipelines.Hosting](../../Hosting/README.md)

For a list of available steps, see [Available Steps](../README.md)

## Installing via NuGet

    Install-Package MyTrout.Pipelines.Steps.Data

## Software dependencies

    1. Dapper - 2.0.78 or higher, but lower than 3.0.0
    2. MyTrout.Pipelines - 3.0.1 or higher, but lower than 3.1

All software dependencies listed above use the [MIT License](https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT).

## How do I use the steps in this library?

### sample C# code

```csharp

    using MyTrout.Pipelines;
    using MyTrout.Pipelines.Hosting;
    using MyTrout.Pipelines.Steps.Data;
    using System;
    using System.Linq;
    using System.Threading.Tasks;

    namespace MyTrout.Pipeline.Hosting.Samples
    {
        public class Program
        {
            public static async Task Main(string[] args)
            {

                var host = Host.CreateDefaultBuilder(args)
                                    .UsePipeline(builder => 
                                    {
                                        builder
                                        // The first step doesn't exist and  must be user-provided.
                                            .AddStep<LoadTargetFileNameStep>()
                                            .AddStep<DeleteBlobStep>()
                                    })
                                    .Build();

                //
                // IMPORTANT NOTE FOR DEVELOPERS:
                // 
                // Use StartAsync() to allow the caller to review the PipelineContext after execution.
                //
                await host.StartAsync().ConfigureAwait(false);

                var context = host.Services.GetService<PipelineContext>();

                if(context.Errors.Any())
                {
                    // TODO: Errors have already been logged, do any special error processing here.
                }

                await host.StopAsync().ConfigureAwait(false);

                return 0;
            }
        }
    }
}

```

## How do I use Pipelines.Hosting with different configurations for different instances of the same step.

If Step1 prints the Step1Options value with a trailing space to the Console when each step is called, then the following code will generate "Moe, Larry & Curly ".

```csharp

    using MyTrout.Pipelines;
    using MyTrout.Pipelines.Hosting;
    using MyTrout.Pipelines.Steps.Data;
    using System;
    using System.Linq;
    using System.Threading.Tasks;

    namespace MyTrout.Pipeline.Hosting.Samples
    {
        public class Program
        {
            public static async Task Main(string[] args)
            {
                // IMPORTANT NOTE FOR DEVELOPERS !
                // 
                // Step Dependencies with context must be defined BEFORE UsePipelines() to load the dependencies correctly.
                //

                var host = Host.CreateDefaultBuilder(args)
                                    .UsePipeline(builder => 
                                    {
                                        builder
                                            .AddStep<LoadTheFirstBlobLocationStep>()
                                            .AddStep<DeleteBlobStep>("context-A")
                                            .AddStep<LoadTheSecondBlobLocationStep>()
                                            .AddStep<DeleteBlobStep>("context-B")
                                            .AddStep<DoOtherActionsStep>()
                                    })
                                    .Build();
                
                // IMPORTANT NOTE FOR DEVELOPERS !
                // 
                // Use StartAsync() to allow the caller to review the PipelineContext after execution.
                //

                await host.StartAsync().ConfigureAwait(false);

                var context = host.Services.GetService<PipelineContext>();

                if(context.Errors.Any())
                {
                    // TODO: Errors have already been logged, do any special error processing here.
                }

                await host.StopAsync().ConfigureAwait(false);

                return 0;
            }
        }
    }
}
```

## Build the software locally.
    1. Clone the software from the Pipelines repository.
    2. Build the software in Visual Studio 2019 to pull down all of the dependencies from nuget.org.
    3. In Visual Studio, run all tests.  All of the should pass.
    4. If you have Visual Studio Enterprise 2019, analyze the code coverage; it should be 100%.

## Build the software in Azure DevOps.
    1. In Organization Settings, select Extensions option.
    2. Install the SonarCloud Extension.
    3. Login to the SonarQube instance and generate a SonarQube token with the user account to use for running analysis.
    4. In Project Settings, select Service Connections option.
    5. Add a Service Connection for SonarQube and enter the token.
    6. Make sure you check the 'Grant access permission to all pipelines' checkbox or configure appropriate security to this connection.
    7. In Artifacts, add a new Feed named mytrout.
    8. On the mytrout Artifacts feed, select the gear icon to configure the feed.
    9. Select the Permissions tab, and click the ...
    10. Click on Allow builds and Releases (which will add Project Collection Build Services as a Contributor).
    11. Click on Allow project-scoped builds (which will add Pipeline Build Service as a Contributor)
    12. Create a New Pipeline and reference the azure-pipelines.yml file in the /Steps/Cryptography directory.
    13. In Pipelines....Library, set up a Variable group named 'SonarQube Analysis'
        a. Add a variable named 'sonarCloudConnectionName' with the name of the SonarQube Service Connection created in Step 5.
        b. Add a variable named 'sonarCloudEnabled' with the value of 'YES'.
        c. Add a variable named 'sonarCloudOrganization' with the value of your SonarCloud organization.
    14. In Pipelines....Library, set up a Variable Group named 'Pipelines Artifacts Feed'.
        a. Add a variable named 'publishVstsFeed' with the value of the feed to which output should be published.
    13. Run the newly created pipeline.

Commit message:

Add Code Coverage section for known issues.

Steps/Data/README.md, after:

# MyTrout.Pipelines.Steps.Data

[![Build Status](https://github.com/mytrout/Pipelines/actions/workflows/build-pipelines-steps-data.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/mytrout/Pipelines/actions/workflows/build-pipelines-steps-data.yaml)
[![nuget](https://buildstats.info/nuget/MyTrout.Pipelines.Steps.Data?includePreReleases=true)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/MyTrout.Pipelines.Steps.Data/)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/mytrout/Pipelines.svg)](https://github.com/mytrout/Pipelines/stargazers)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/mytrout/Pipelines.svg)](https://github.com/mytrout/Pipelines/network)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mytrout/Pipelines.svg)](https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT)

[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=Pipelines.Steps.Data&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=Pipelines.Steps.Data)
[![Coverage](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=Pipelines.Steps.Data&metric=coverage)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=Pipelines.Steps.Data)
[![Maintainability Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=Pipelines.Steps.Data&metric=sqale_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=Pipelines.Steps.Data)
[![Security Rating](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=Pipelines.Steps.Data&metric=security_rating)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=Pipelines.Steps.Data)
[![Vulnerabilities](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=Pipelines.Steps.Data&metric=vulnerabilities)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=Pipelines.Steps.Data)


## Introduction
MyTrout.Pipelines.Steps.Data provides Pipeline steps to persist data to a database from the IPipelineContext and read data from a database and put it in the IPipelineContext.

MyTrout.Pipelines.Steps.Data targets [.NET 6.0](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/6.0)

For more details on Pipelines, see [Pipelines.Core](../../Core/README.md)

For more details on Pipelines.Hosting, see [Pipelines.Hosting](../../Hosting/README.md)

For a list of available steps, see [Available Steps](../README.md)

## Code Coverage is less than 100% !
1. An issue was raised to [altcover #143](https://github.com/SteveGilham/altcover/issues/143) because the same line in two different classes is showing different branch coverage.
2. The async method ExecuteReaderAsync() in SupplementContextWithDatabaseRecordStep is being reviewed to determine what additional unit tests are required to ensure full coverage on that method call.

## Installing via NuGet

    Install-Package MyTrout.Pipelines.Steps.Data

## Software dependencies

    1. Dapper - 2.0.78 or higher, but lower than 3.0.0
    2. MyTrout.Pipelines - 3.0.1 or higher, but lower than 3.1

All software dependencies listed above use the [MIT License](https://licenses.nuget.org/MIT).

## How do I use the steps in this library?

### sample C# code

```csharp

    using MyTrout.Pipelines;
    using MyTrout.Pipelines.Hosting;
    using MyTrout.Pipelines.Steps.Data;
    using System;
    using System.Linq;
    using System.Threading.Tasks;

    namespace MyTrout.Pipeline.Hosting.Samples
    {
        public class Program
        {
            public static async Task Main(string[] args)
            {

                var host = Host.CreateDefaultBuilder(args)
                                    .UsePipeline(builder => 
                                    {
                                        builder
                                        // The first step doesn't exist and  must be user-provided.
                                            .AddStep<LoadTargetFileNameStep>()
                                            .AddStep<DeleteBlobStep>()
                                    })
                                    .Build();

                //
                // IMPORTANT NOTE FOR DEVELOPERS:
                // 
                // Use StartAsync() to allow the caller to review the PipelineContext after execution.
                //
                await host.StartAsync().ConfigureAwait(false);

                var context = host.Services.GetService<PipelineContext>();

                if(context.Errors.Any())
                {
                    // TODO: Errors have already been logged, do any special error processing here.
                }

                await host.StopAsync().ConfigureAwait(false);

                return 0;
            }
        }
    }
}

```

## How do I use Pipelines.Hosting with different configurations for different instances of the same step.

If Step1 prints the Step1Options value with a trailing space to the Console when each step is called, then the following code will generate "Moe, Larry & Curly ".

```csharp

    using MyTrout.Pipelines;
    using MyTrout.Pipelines.Hosting;
    using MyTrout.Pipelines.Steps.Data;
    using System;
    using System.Linq;
    using System.Threading.Tasks;

    namespace MyTrout.Pipeline.Hosting.Samples
    {
        public class Program
        {
            public static async Task Main(string[] args)
            {
                // IMPORTANT NOTE FOR DEVELOPERS !
                // 
                // Step Dependencies with context must be defined BEFORE UsePipelines() to load the dependencies correctly.
                //

                var host = Host.CreateDefaultBuilder(args)
                                    .UsePipeline(builder => 
                                    {
                                        builder
                                            .AddStep<LoadTheFirstBlobLocationStep>()
                                            .AddStep<DeleteBlobStep>("context-A")
                                            .AddStep<LoadTheSecondBlobLocationStep>()
                                            .AddStep<DeleteBlobStep>("context-B")
                                            .AddStep<DoOtherActionsStep>()
                                    })
                                    .Build();
                
                // IMPORTANT NOTE FOR DEVELOPERS !
                // 
                // Use StartAsync() to allow the caller to review the PipelineContext after execution.
                //

                await host.StartAsync().ConfigureAwait(false);

                var context = host.Services.GetService<PipelineContext>();

                if(context.Errors.Any())
                {
                    // TODO: Errors have already been logged, do any special error processing here.
                }

                await host.StopAsync().ConfigureAwait(false);

                return 0;
            }
        }
    }
}
```

## Build the software locally.
    1. Clone the software from the Pipelines repository.
    2. Build the software in Visual Studio 2019 to pull down all of the dependencies from nuget.org.
    3. In Visual Studio, run all tests.  All of the should pass.
    4. If you have Visual Studio Enterprise 2019, analyze the code coverage; it should be 100%.

## Build the software in Azure DevOps.
    1. In Organization Settings, select Extensions option.
    2. Install the SonarCloud Extension.
    3. Login to the SonarQube instance and generate a SonarQube token with the user account to use for running analysis.
    4. In Project Settings, select Service Connections option.
    5. Add a Service Connection for SonarQube and enter the token.
    6. Make sure you check the 'Grant access permission to all pipelines' checkbox or configure appropriate security to this connection.
    7. In Artifacts, add a new Feed named mytrout.
    8. On the mytrout Artifacts feed, select the gear icon to configure the feed.
    9. Select the Permissions tab, and click the ...
    10. Click on Allow builds and Releases (which will add Project Collection Build Services as a Contributor).
    11. Click on Allow project-scoped builds (which will add Pipeline Build Service as a Contributor)
    12. Create a New Pipeline and reference the azure-pipelines.yml file in the /Steps/Cryptography directory.
    13. In Pipelines....Library, set up a Variable group named 'SonarQube Analysis'
        a. Add a variable named 'sonarCloudConnectionName' with the name of the SonarQube Service Connection created in Step 5.
        b. Add a variable named 'sonarCloudEnabled' with the value of 'YES'.
        c. Add a variable named 'sonarCloudOrganization' with the value of your SonarCloud organization.
    14. In Pipelines....Library, set up a Variable Group named 'Pipelines Artifacts Feed'.
        a. Add a variable named 'publishVstsFeed' with the value of the feed to which output should be published.
    13. Run the newly created pipeline.
